good morning it's november 9
2020 and it's a monday
here in la a clear morning
very still right now
43 degrees fahrenheit around
6 degrees celsius
today i was thinking about
two songs by the
singer hawaiian singer israel known as
is somewhere
over the rainbow and what a wonderful
world
his combo of those two songs
these songs sung by his
are so special to millions of people
around the world
they are filled with so much hope
and longing
i thought it would be a perfect time to
hear them
today it will be going up in los angeles
to the temperature of
62 degrees fahrenheit
around 16 celsius
and we should by golly
be enjoying those beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day